add defi dapp docs (#680)
dfinity/docs: modules/examples/pages/defi.adoc

# DEFI Example

> To enable DEFI application on the IC, canisters need to interact with token canisters and the ledger canister. This example dApp provides an example on how to facilitate these interactions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

To enable DEFI applications on the IC, canisters need to interact with token canisters and the ledger canister. This example dApp provides an example on how to facilitate these interactions.
```

The example exchange is implemented in https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/motoko/defi[Motoko] and https://github.com/dfinity/examples/tree/master/rust/defi[Rust]. 

> ## Architecture

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Architecture

```

The design of the IC allows for more complex on-chain computation. In combination with cheap storage, it is possible to have on-chain order books. This example takes advantage of these features and stores user balances and orders inside the exchange canister. The example exchange functionality can be condensed into the following steps:

* Exchange takes custody of funds (different mechanism for tokens and ICP, see below).
* Exchange updates internal balance book.
* Users trade on exchange causing the exchange to update its internal balance book.
* Withdrawing funds from the exchange gives custody back to the user.

### Interface

> Request user-specific ledger account identifier from the exchange. This unique account identifier represents a user-specific subaccount in the exchange's ledger account, allowing it to differentiate between user deposits.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request user-specific ledger account identifier from the exchange. This unique account identifier represents a user-specific subaccount in the exchange's ledger account, allowing it to differentiate between user deposits.

```

```candid
getDepositAddress: () -> (blob);
```

> Initate user deposit to exchange. If the user wants to deposit ICP, the exchange moves the funds from the user-specific deposit address to its default subaddress and adjusts the user's ICP balance on the DEX. If the user wants to deposit a DIP token, the exchange tries to move the approved funds to its token account and adjusts the user's balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Initiate user deposit to exchange. If the user wants to deposit ICP, the exchange moves the funds from the user-specific deposit address to its default subaddress and adjusts the user's ICP balance on the DEX. If the user wants to deposit a DIP token, the exchange tries to move the approved funds to its token account and adjusts the user's balance.

```

```candid
deposit: (Token) -> (DepositReceipt);
```

> Withdraw request to the exchange. The exchange will send funds back to the user if the user has a sufficient balance.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Withdraw request to the exchange. The exchange will send funds back to the user if the user has a sufficient balance.

```

```candid
withdraw: (Token, nat, principal) -> (WithdrawReceipt);
```

> Place new order to exchange. If the order matches an existing order, it will get executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Place new order to exchange. If the order matches an existing order, it will get executed.

```

```candid
placeOrder: (Token, nat, Token, nat) -> (OrderPlacementReceipt);
```

> Allows the user to cancel submitted orders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Allows the user to cancel submitted orders.

```

```candid
cancelOrder: (OrderId) -> (CancelOrderReceipt);
```

> Request user's balance on exchange for a specific token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Request user's balance on exchange for a specific token.

```

```candid
getBalance: (Token) -> (nat) query;
```

### Fee

> It is the responsibility of the exchange to subtract fees from the trades. This is important because the exchange must pay fees for withdraws and internal transfers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is the responsibility of the exchange to subtract fees from the trades. This is important because the exchange must pay fees for withdrawals and internal transfers.
```

> ## Token Exchange Walkthrough

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Token Exchange Walkthrough

```

This section contains a detailed walkthrough of the core exchange functionalities. Most interactions require multiple steps and are simplified by using the provided frontend. Since the exchange canister functions are public, advanced users can use ``dfx`` to interact with the exchange.

### Depositing ICP

> The ledger canister provides a unique interface and therefore, interactions with ICP need to be resolved separately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The ledger canister provides a unique interface so that  interactions with ICP need to be resolved separately.
```

* The user calls the ``approve`` function of the token canister. This gives the exchange the ability to transfer funds to itself on behalf of the user.
* Similar to the ICP depositing, the user calls the ``deposit`` function of the exchange. The exchange then transfers the approved token funds to itself and adjusts the user's exchange balance.

### Placing Orders

After depositing funds to the exchange, the user can place orders. An order consists of two tuples. ``from: (Token1, amount1)`` and ``to: (Token2, amount2)``. These orders get added to the exchange. What happens to these orders is specific to the exchange implementation. This example provides a simple exchange that only executes exactly matching orders. Be aware this is just a toy exchange, and the exchange functionality is just for completeness. Hint: The exchange can be greedy sometimes ;)

### Withdrawing Funds

Compared to depositing funds, withdrawing funds is simpler. Since the exchange has custody of the funds, the exchange will send funds back to the user on ``withdraw`` requests. The internal exchange balances are adjusted accordingly.

> ## Common mistakes

Reviewer: Are these address in the current implementation or lingering bugs?

Reviewer 2: These are more of "gotchas" to look out for while developing, that we had run into.
